Cloud event blog update (#3180)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2022-10-17-microprofile-serverless-ibm-code-engine.adoc

All ICCE connections are HTTPS. So while HTTP was used locally, the image is configured to support HTTPS without any changes.
If you make a request to `\https://{ICCE_Application_URL}/`, you should see the `Welcome to Open Liberty` page.
To call the application on ICCE, we can use the same path that we used for the application locally. Run the following `curl` command:

[source]
----
curl https://${ICCE_Application_URL}/dev/system/properties
----

Similar to the local call that you made previously, after a short time, you get a JSON payload that contains all the system properties.

Congratulations! You just called your application on IBM Cloud Code Engine.

=== Update the MicroProfile application to use CloudEvents

> A common use case for serverless applications is to process events coming from non-HTTP sources, such as Kafka topics or Object Stores. Historically, to consume these events the application had to use the Cloud provider's SDK, which locks the application into that provider. This is where CloudEvents comes in, as it provides a cross-provider standard around which data can be transmitted and received by an application, improving portability and reducing large dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case for serverless applications is to process events coming from non-HTTP sources, such as Kafka topics or object stores. Historically, to consume these events, the application had to use the Cloud provider's SDK, which locks the application into that provider. This is where CloudEvents comes in. It provides a cross-provider standard around which applications can transmit and receive data, improving portability and reducing large dependencies.
```

ICCE connects event providers such as https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-working-kafkaevent-producer#setup-kafka-receiverapp[IBM Cloud Event Streams] or https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/codeengine?topic=codeengine-eventing-cosevent-producer#obstorage_ev_app[IBM Cloud Object Storage] to the application by using CloudEvents. These events are sent to a subscribed application as HTTP POST requests. Because the requests are in HTTP format, a RESTful application can receive these events without needing additional libraries and configuration.

> To be able to process CloudEvents in Open Liberty add the CloudEvents `restful-ws-jakarta` library to the application by adding this dependency to your `pom.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to process CloudEvents in Open Liberty, add the CloudEvents `restful-ws-jakarta` library to the application by adding the following dependency to your `pom.xml`:
```
